Lucena, John Mowlder G.							November 27, 2021
Web Technologies I - Midterms Exam					2BSIT - 2nd Year

1. Differentiate the following CSS selectors (20 pts)
a. Combining selectors
Combining selectors explains that there is a relationship between the two selectors.
There are four different combinators in CSS: descendent selector, child selector, 
adjacent sibling selector, and general sibling selector.

Descendant selector uses a space between the two elements, which means it matches all elements 
that are descendates of a specified element.

Child selector uses a greater than sign between the two elements, which means it selects all 
elements that are children of a specidied element.

Adjacent Sibling Selector uses a plus sign between the two elements, which means it selects an 
element that is directly after specific element.

General Sibling Selector uses a tilde symbol between the two elements, which means it selects
all elements that are next siblings of a specified element 


b. Class and ID selectors
Class Selector selects the elements of HTML with a specific class attribute. The character used
to call the class of an element is Dot(.). On the other hand ID Selector uses the id attribute 
of an HTML element to select a specific element. The character used to call the id of an element 
is Hash(#)


c. Pseudo-classes
Pseudo-clases is used in order to define a special state of an element. Examples of a pseudo
-classes are a:hover, a:visited, a:unvisited, and a:focus. It can also be combined with an 
HTML Classes. 


2. Differentiate the following hyperlinks styling attributes (20pts)
a. a:hover
a:hover happens when the link(s) changed color when the mouse pointer is at the 
hyperlink. This pseudo class selector links on mouse over.   


b. a:active
a:active happens when the link becomes active when you click on it. This pseudo
selector selects the active link.


c. a:visited
a:visited happens when the hyperlink(s) is already clicked by the user. Once the
link is clicked, the color of the link is change. This pseduo selector selects 
all visited links

d. a:link
a:link happens when the links does not style when you have already visited.This 
pseudo selector selects all unvisited links.